improving hyperlink to include related text (#1167)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Matt-Wicks/Matt-Wicks.md

Matt's core proficiencies include but are not limited to:

> - Pivotal decision making on the development of the [world's best Markdown website editor - TinaCMS](https://tina.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pivotal decision making on the development of the [world's best headless CMS that is powered by Markdown and GitHub - TinaCMS](https://tina.io/).
```
